the international showed in the afternoon
this Friday that besides being a leader
the Brazilian championship is also
highlight in solidarity four
club players visited the institute
of childhood cancer in porto alegre
not only visited but also
made the joy of several children
distributing gifts and playing with the
Gurizada that is an example of overcoming
alisson jorge henrique rafael moura and
wellington paulista
went through rooms and rooms of the institute
in the afternoon
also distributed dozens of
magazines to paint story books
children's toys and gifts of inter
also play a fla fl and performed
various games, collecting the
smiles of boys and girls in the
childhood cancer institute that entered
in the room and gives you tamires in it
very emotional, very colorful people
come here as citizens but the come comes to
linked image nor the player
she was very happy and said that
girlfriend was very colorado also asked
see who had a word with the
her boyfriend should be more jokes
To go with him, it was very cool.
It was a very good experience, right?
as I said we come as citizens
as well as with ordinary people and the
player stays inside the field the
people come here and see the joy of these
children brought some toys to
they
we got some time in our day spent
a couple of hours I went out playing with
they then do well to the heart I think
which works well for anyone but for
me has a different meaning from mine
mother last year had breast cancer
you see is a person in the house and
Now you see children I have two
daughters, too, I think it stirs a lot
exciting and is for a good cause
I think we came that legal is
to make available a little of our
time for such a noble cause
I think it's super valid and this one with
sure was the first visit of many